Add sections how to reset the mysql db - Closes #1270 (#1311)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/management/source.adoc

make clean
----

== Reset the Lisk Service database

To reset the database of Lisk Service, drop the respective MYSQL and Redis databases.

=== Drop the MYSQL database

[source,bash]
----
# Stop Lisk Service
$ npm stop
# Login to MYSQL with the lisk user
$ mysql -u lisk -ppassword
# Drop the database
mysql> drop database lisk;
# Create fresh database
mysql> create database lisk;
mysql> quit; # Quit MYSQL
----

> NOTE: When Lisk Service is started again after a database reset, it takes a long time to reindex all the data. Currently, this might take up to 2 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: When Lisk Service is started again after a database reset, then the process to reindex all the data is initiated. This can be quite time-consuming and may take up to 2 hours.
```

=== Flush Redis DB

Reset the databases for Redis after dropping the MYSQL database:

[source,bash]
----
redis-cli flushall
----

[NOTE]
====

> The `flushall` command removes all existing redis databases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `flushall` command removes all existing Redis databases:
```

> > Deletes all the keys of all the existing databases, not just the currently selected one. This command never fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Deletes all the keys of all the existing databases, not just the current selected one. This command never fails.
```

For more information check the Redis documentation: https://redis.io/commands/FLUSHALL[FLUSHALL]

> To flush only a particular DB in Redis, run instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To flush only a particular DB in Redis, execute the following command instead:
```
